[ign-gazebo2] Update BitBucket links (#63)
ignitionrobotics/ign-gazebo: README.md

    make codecheck
    ```

> See the [Writing Tests section of the contributor guide](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-gazebo/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#writing-tests) for help creating or modifying tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Writing Tests section of the contributor guide](https://ignitionrobotics.org/docs/all/contributing#writing-tests) for help creating or modifying tests.
```
